Using install.sh to install the latest version of Easegress (#354)
megaease/easegress: README.md

> We can download the latest or history binaries from the [release page](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/releases). For example, we can install Easegress v1.0.0 for Linux amd64 platform with command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can download the latest or history binaries from the [release page](https://github.com/megaease/easegress/releases). Following shell script will download and extract binaries to `./easegress` folder:
```

Author: sorry, I merge it too quickly... let me do this in another PR.
